Update storage-use-azcopy-v10.md with extra escape characters for .cmd files… (#117437)
Azure/azure-content: articles/storage/common/storage-use-azcopy-v10.md

#### Escape special characters in SAS tokens

> In batch files that have the `.cmd` extension, you'll have to escape the `%` characters that appear in SAS tokens. You can do that by adding an extra `%` character next to existing `%` characters in the SAS token string. Then it should look like '%%'. For the '&' characters you sould also add extra '^' before '&' characters and having look like '^&'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In batch files that have the `.cmd` extension, you'll have to escape the `%` characters that appear in SAS tokens. You can do that by adding an extra `%` character next to existing `%` characters in the SAS token string. The resulting character sequence appears as '%%'. Make sure to add an extra '^' before each '&' character to create the character sequence '^&'.
```

> In batch files that have the `.cmd` extension, you'll have to escape the `%` characters that appear in SAS tokens. You can do that by adding an extra `%` character next to existing `%` characters in the SAS token string. The resulting character sequence appears as '%%'. Make sure to add an extra '^' before each '&' character to create the character sequence '^&'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In batch files that have the `.cmd` extension, you'll have to escape the `%` characters that appear in SAS tokens. You can do that by adding an extra `%` character next to existing `%` characters in the SAS token string. The resulting character sequence appears as `%%`. Make sure to add an extra `^` before each `&` character to create the character sequence `^&`.
```
Replacing quote marks with backticks
